---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bamboo_linked_repository Resource - bamboo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource define system level linked repository.
  One of the main focus of this resource is the permission management, which usually overlooked when creating linked repository through GUI.
  The priority block has a priority that defines the final assigned permissions of the user or group.
---

# bamboo_linked_repository (Resource)

This resource define system level linked repository.

One of the main focus of this resource is the permission management, which usually overlooked when creating linked repository through GUI.

The priority block has a priority that defines the final assigned permissions of the user or group.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the linked repository.
- `project` (String) Bitbucket project key that owns the Git repository.
- `slug` (String) Bitbucket repository slug.

### Optional

- `assignment_version` (String) Assignment version, used to force update the permission.
- `assignments` (Block List) Assignment block (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--assignments))
- `branch` (String) Bitbucket repository branch.
- `rss_enabled` (Boolean) Flag to modify Bamboo Spec flag after creation.

### Read-Only

- `computed_groups` (Attributes List) Computed assignment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--computed_groups))
- `computed_users` (Attributes List) Computed assignment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--computed_users))
- `id` (String) Numeric id of the linked repository.

<a id="nestedblock--assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assignments`

Required:

- `permissions` (List of String) List of permissions assignable to the users and groups (READ, ADMINISTRATION)
- `priority` (Number) Priority of this block

Optional:

- `groups` (List of String) List of group names.
- `users` (List of String) List of usernames.


<a id="nestedatt--computed_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `computed_groups`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the entity in the assignment.
- `permissions` (List of String) List of permission owned by the entity in the assignment.


<a id="nestedatt--computed_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `computed_users`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the entity in the assignment.
- `permissions` (List of String) List of permission owned by the entity in the assignment.
